hey everybody today I'm going to show
you how to make a healthy Shirley Temple
and that means we're gonna be making our
grenadine from scratch and you know what
that means that means that it doesn't
contain high fructose corn syrup or any
preservatives which is what you'll find
at the store when you buy that one so
this one will keep in the refrigerator
for about Oh anywhere from three to four
weeks whereas the other one will stay in
your cabinet for years so I'm rockin
Robin and I'm gonna show you how to make
this delicious drink right after this
before we go over our ingredients I just
want to mention that the grenadine that
we make you know will be saved in the
refrigerator for you know up to a month
let's say and you can use it for any
cocktails that call for grenadine it's
perfect for that so if you want to make
a tequila sunrise or a Bahama Mama or
any other cocktail that requires
grenadine it works great and you can
also use it just for drinks that are
non-alcoholic as well and you want to
add just a little bit of fruity
sweetness to club soda let's say so it's
very refreshing and I think you're
really gonna enjoy it so let's go over
those ingredients so to make our
grenadine syrup we're gonna need some
pomegranate juice and here I have a
hundred percent pomegranate by the
company palm and it works great
everything's 100% juice here this is 100
percent cherry juice I got that at
Trader Joe's and that works beautifully
and then we'll be adding some sugar to
our syrup and we're gonna cook this down
and I'll show you that in just a bit now
to make the Shirley Temple you know I'm
not using soda because I don't like the
ingredients in that this is gonna be a
very healthy recipe so I'm using
Pellegrino water you could also use club
soda and we're going to flavor that with
some lime and a lemon and that's it guys
simple so let's get started with our
syrup all right I've got my saucepan
here over medium-low heat and I'm gonna
go ahead and pour my pomegranate juice
into the pan I'm gonna add a little bit
of cherry juice to that next I'm gonna
add the sugar now it is quite a bit of
sugar as I'm sure you've noticed but
there's no other artificial ingredients
in this it's just pure and now we're
gonna cook this I'm going to get just to
come to a boil and we're going to simmer
this
gonna cook this for about five to ten
minutes we want this to to cook down and
get very syrupy and thicker so it'll
reduce so I've been cooking the
grenadine syrup now for about 12 maybe
15 minutes and I originally told you 5
to 10 that I think you really need to go
10 to 15 and you know you want your heat
up medium-high you want it boiling like
this and I'm just about ready to turn it
off and we'll let it cool and I'm gonna
try and speed up my cooling process by
pouring this back into my measuring cup
and then I'm gonna place that into a
bowl of ice water and that will cool it
down and and let me continue on here
real quickly so now we're ready to make
our healthy Shirley Temple alright so I
have a glass full of ice and I've got my
Pellegrino you can also use like I said
before club soda if you want a little
more bubbly in there you'd want to use
the club soda but today I have the
Pellegrino and so that's what we're
using
all right well pour that in our glass
leave a little room for our syrup I like
to put the syrup second just so it has a
chance to mix in and you can put as much
of this as you like obviously and I like
to put some nice lemon juice in there
that's our instead of using you know 7up
or even ginger ale I like to make my own
by using the you know the water and the
lemon in the lime so you definitely want
to get some of that in there and I'm
going to be or actually I did make this
for my Bunco group I have a Bunco group
we meet once a month and they loved it
they really enjoyed it they liked the
fact that it was natural and not full of
artificial colors in high fructose corn
syrup and several of them really enjoyed
it a visit tastes so refreshing oh my
gosh that is really good guys
and like I said you can make it as sweet
as you like or cut it back so guys I
hope you'll try this recipe you know let
me know by leaving me a comment below if
you do try it or let me know what you do
with your grenadine and if you haven't
subscribed yet go ahead and click that
button right up there and you'll get
notified of my new videos as they come
out so thanks for watching everybody and
we'll see you next time